# spotmovie
================


Perl script(s): spotmovie.pl

Author: John McClymont

This script attempts to find a movie on a "Wanted" list within a downloaded TV schedule.

This script is designed to be used on my Raspberry Pi 2 machine.

Debug level is set by a command line argument
1. Level 0 - no debug information
2. Level 1 - returns input
3. Level 2 - returns processing information


## INPUT

**temp.txt**

HanDBase output containing Wanted list. This file is created by running HanDBase for Android. The file is made available to raspberrypi1 via MegaSync.

**list.xmltv**

Downloaded weekly TV schedule. This is generated by a cron job local to raspberrypi1 which uses the XMLTV system.


## OUTPUT

**spotmovie.txt**

This file is created in the script folder which is made available to other devices via MyCloud.) `Needs review`

---

## Future development

* Currently only uses one TV schedule file. Might want to extend this.
* Could email results rather than write to file
* In first part of code where WANTED data is being partitioned, Could try to use the "push" function, rather than the false loop
* Might want to extract the debug level handling into a function.

---

## Changes
==========

(Be aware that line numbers identified in the changes below are likely to be changed as further changes are made.)


**Item C1 (22/01/17)**

Output only lists the movie titles found. It would be more useful to list
these alongside the schedule items they were found in to see at once which
comparisons were spurious.

1. Put "Found" string into Line 178
2. Added Line 179
3. Bracketed Lines 185 - 191, removing @unifound array
4. Changed @unifound array to @found array in Lines 195 - 197

Saved as spotmovie.pl version 0.1.1, 22/01/17

**Item C2 (24/01/17)**

For both input files, print file stats to output file to show that the latest versions are being used.

1. Added lines 63-66
2. Added lines 130-133

Saved as spotmovie.pl version 0.1.2, 24/01/17
